Add waring in readme (#69)
software-mansion-labs/live-debugger: README.md

## Adding button

> For easy navigation add the debug button to your live layout. Do not commit it to production! (Since `:live_debugger` is `:dev` only this code won't compile in `:prod` environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For easy navigation add the optional debug button to your live layout. Make sure that it is not used in production! (`:live_debugger` is `:dev` only - this code won't compile in `:prod` environment)
```

Reviewer: Maybe we could add approach with config check (not sure if it'll work):
```elixir
    <%= if Application.get_env(:your_app, :include_debug_button) do %>
      <LiveDebugger.Helpers.debug_button socket_id={@socket.id} />
    <% end %>
```

Reviewer: Or maybe when LiveDebugger application is started we could set in config sth like this
```elixir
Application.put_env(LiveDebugger, :debug_mode, true)
```

And then next to button 

``` Elixir 
    <%= if Application.get_env(LiveDebugger, :debug_mode, false) do %>
      <LiveDebugger.Helpers.debug_button socket_id={@socket.id} />
    <% end %>
```

Reviewer: or we could use `ensure_started/2`
```elixir
    <%= if Application. ensure_started(LiveDebugger) do %>
      <LiveDebugger.Helpers.debug_button socket_id={@socket.id} />
    <% end %>
```

https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/1.12/Application.html#ensure_started/2

## Adding button

For easy navigation add the optional debug button to your live layout. Make sure that it is not used in production! (`:live_debugger` is `:dev` only - this code won't compile in `:prod` environment)

```Elixir
# lib/my_app_web/components/app.html.heex

<main>
  ...

>    <%= if Application.get_env(LiveDebugger, :debug_mode, false) do %>
>       <LiveDebugger.Helpers.debug_button socket_id={@socket.id} />
>     <% end %>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <%= if Application.ensure_started(:live_debugger) == :ok do %>
      <LiveDebugger.Helpers.debug_button socket_id={@socket.id} />
   <% end %>
```

Reviewer: Below:

This code will produce a warning when compiled in `MIX_ENV=prod`
